Week 1 Log

Met with team for the first time at 1pm on thursday. Made contact beforehand after the first team java lecture and arranged meeting for then. We appointed Joss as team leader and myself as team secrectary. I then got in touch with our demonstrator kat and organised our first meeting with her for 3pm in the student study room. Before hand in our first meeting we talked about many different ideas for our game.I also set up a facebook group for unnoficial communication between the teams and instant communication as we are all often on facebook! The main ones included a racing game, a tower defence style game and a variant of fruit ninja. However we decided that the outstanding idea was a variant of the physics game Osmos. Joss came up with the name "dark matter" which we all agreed was good. We then met with Kat to get our idea checked and it was approved we also came up the name for our team "Giant Cow Games". During this week I then purchased the game osmos and played around with to help figure out the game mechanics and interesting features from the game we could incorperate and then improve upon while added an original twist.

Week 2 Log

Met with team for the second time on tuesday at 10am. We talked more about how we were going to code the actual game and the software engineering principles we would employ. We decided that pair programming would be an efficient way of keeping the team cohesive and working together towards the same goal. I have drawn up a timetable of all our commitments to team java and have uploaded that to the repository. Jermiah instructed us how to use the repository and set up the trunk and maven projects. He also found a link to a few interesting articles on games programming which we read. I have also done admin activities this week including writing up summarys of the previous meetings and producing the timetable. We are planning to meet on the thursday to discuss the specification and make sure the team is on the same page. Met with kat on the thursday to discuss how the game was going recieved positive feedback on use of subversion and plans for pair programming, were also given guidlines on what to put in the specification. Produced the specification for friday at 1200.

week 3 Log

Met with team on tuesday discussed pair programming strategies and plans for the week ahead. It was decided upon that myself and yukun would produce the physics class for the game. We attempted to produce this on the tuesday after the team meeting during the pair programming session but did not make as much progress as we had hoped. Produced and uploading minutes of the weeks meetings. Worked with jeremiah on thursday during pair programming to produce a vector class to deal with the movement direction and velocity of all the pieces of matter.  Met with Kat later on the thursday to recieve feedback on on specification and other issues. Decided to start producing a weekly report for all the meetings in the future. Over the weekend researched possible music for the game and familiarised myself with the additional code written by the other members such as Jeremiahs dark matter class. 

week 4 Log

Met with team on tuesday. Filled team in on the events of previous meeting with Kat. From this we confirmed our final decision to do client server based networking. We then decided on priorities for the following week and decided that producing an AI, fixing ejection angles and starting the networking and the ability to scroll were crucial to the project and should be completed this week if possible. On tuesday worked with yukun on the scrolling problem unfortunately we did not make much progress partly to a miss understanding where we starting working on the wrong problem initially. I found a promising tutorial on the problem but we were not able to implement it. In thursdays pair programming I started with Jeremiah in working on the AI for the other player and have made some good progress however it is not fully working. We hope to have this fixed by next week. Also fulfilled duties as secretary by producing summarys of last weeks demonstrator meeting and this weeks meeting and produced the weekly report for kat. 

