Meeting Summary

20/1/2011

1pm-3pm

Present: 

Joss Greenway (team leader)
Charles Horrell (secretary)
Jeremiah Via
Yukunk Wang

Summary:

During this meeting we spent some time getting to know each other and confirmed the appointment of Joss and myself as officiers. The main content of the meeting was talking about possible game ideas. Ideas proposed included:

An physics game styled on Osmos with added features and originality. We decided this was our primary idea and Joss came up with the project name of "dark matter" for the game.

Other ideas included:

An osmos style racing game using the osmos propulsion mechanics to race blobs around an obstacle course. 

A tower defence style game possibly involving zombies and a co operative mode. 

Fruit ninja.

Fall down- a two player game involved in a race to see which player can fall down quickest. 

Once we had decided on Osmos as our primary idea and zombie tower defence as our fall back, we considered ways to put our own spin on Osmos. These included the addition of weapons to the right click, such as an antimatter weapon that would split any other dark matter stars in half or reduce size. And also a weapon to stop the balls in full flow. The main aspect of originality that we add as well as setting it in space is the addition of co operative and competitive gameplay. We talked about various modes such as straight up death match style just become the biggest player, to other game modes that would require players to work together to take down a larger enemy or maybe a mode where the players are segregated and need to complete tasks with each other to complete the level. 

We also touched on the software engineering principles we would employ and this included testing methods such as Junit and the possible use of pair progamming was mooted as a method as well as other methods such as "scrum". Jeremiah suggested the use of maven for our project. 


Action decided on: 

All members: Research osmos and subervision


Signed 

Charlie (secretary) 




