Team Java – User Stories

User Story 1

“As a game player I want to find out how to play the game.”

Use Case 1

We should have a “how to play” section on the main menu as an option besides playing the game. So after the programme  initially starts up  the user should be able to click on the “how to play” button and be given a set of instructions on how to play the game or possibly if we have the time to implement it a tutorial level.

User Story 2

“As a game player I want to play a randomised level on single player.”

Use Case 2

We should have an option to play a randomised level with a single player and an AI player on a single machine. This could possibly be labelled as play random map. 

User Story 3

“As a game player I want to play a pre designed  level or campaign” 

Use Case 3

We should have an option to play through a set of pre designed levels produced by us and in un lockable order portraying the storyline we came up with in our specification and initial meetings. 

User Story 4

“As a game player I want to play a multiplayer game over the internet” 

Use Case 4

We should have the option on the main screen to play multiplayer game this should then allow the player to start up or connect to a client server run by the other player. 

User Story 5

“As a game player I want to find out how to host or join a multiplayer game”

Use Case 5

We should have a help section maybe contained or containing the how to play section that outlines exactly how to host or connect to a game.

User Story 6

“As a game player I am currently in a game that I wish to exit”
Use Case 6

The user should be able to exit to a menu by pressing escape and then from there should have a button to “exit dark matter”

User Story 7

“As a game player I want to be able to play in windowed or full screen”

Use Case 7

We should have a resizeable frame that scales up or down all the objects contained in it accordingly at the press of a button to allow for play in full screen and windowed mode. 